do this email marketing strategy for a
hundred days are your emails actually
getting open are your subscribers
actually clicking on the content you're
sending
if they're not getting open and your
click-through rate is just in the gutter
it's time to change things up 89 of
marketers use email as our primary
channel for lead generation and 22
percent of markers actually report
click-through rates of over 20 versus
the industry average of 10.69 so if you
want Sky High click through rate it's
attainable you just have to execute the
right strategy and there are a ton of
different reasons to start off a new
email campaign maybe you want to
re-engage previous leads or promote a
new product or service or simply just
share content that you have just written
with your audience regardless of your
intent and what you want your
subscribers to do you have to use the
right strategy and here are a few simple
steps that you need to implement ASAP
for the next hundred days so that your
email campaigns can be successful step
one scrub your list
here's the thing you want your list to
keep growing bigger and bigger right
if you keep sending emails to people who
don't open up your email even if they
don't Market as spam even if they don't
unsubscribe but if they don't open up
your email
for Solutions like Gmail and Outlook
will start putting your emails in other
people's spam boxes so you want to
unsubscribe in other words scrub your
email list remove people that don't
engage with your email list it's the
easiest way to get your emails delivered
in the inbox for everyone because here's
what's happened if you send me 10 emails
and I don't open it and then you send my
buddy John 10 emails and he doesn't open
it and you keep doing that but then you
send Betty emails and she's been opening
them but majority of your list doesn't
open them people like Betty even though
she's been opening up your emails those
emails start going into her Spam box or
the promotions tab so you want to make
sure
and that you're scrubbing your list so
that way people like Betty always get
your emails
step two personalize your messages we
found that when we personalize our
subject line and our emails we get open
rates of up to 74 percent more so you
can do little things like putting the
person's name in the subject line right
that's an easy way to personalize it or
you can make your subject line all
lowercase see when someone's sending you
a business team A lot of times they use
the correct capitalizations and
punctuation but when a buddy just sends
you an email it's just short to the
point A lot of times it's sloppy but
those kind of subject lines they get a
lot of opens such as like if I have a
buddy named John and I saw something
cool myself I'm like John check this out
it's short it's simple but I know my
buddy John will open it think about
sending emails like that with those kind
of subject lines because it gets much
more open rates but don't bait them
don't be like John this is the best
thing ever when you're sending them
something that's not really that great
step three segment your audience 32
percent of marketers say segmenting
their email database is one of their
organization's top objectives in the
next 12 months when you segment your
email list you can do things like buyers
versus non-buyers people who have added
things to their cart but have not
completed we found that when you segment
you generate more Revenue versus
non-segmenting for example if you're
already a repeat buyer and you're on my
email list why would I send you the same
email I would send someone who hasn't
ever made a purchase you'd be like I
already bought that why are you sending
me an email on that that's why
segmenting is really important step four
test test and test some more test out
copy test out your design and button
variations more than fifty percent of
marketers use a b testing to boost
conversions look just because I'm
telling you what's working for our
clients at our Ad Agency NP digital
doesn't mean it's always going to work
100 of time you have to test because
it's a little bit different for every
single industry and every type of list
and if you just want my team to do all
this testing and email marketing for you
check us out at npdigital.com
step five automate when you can trigger
based emails are super effective open
rates for trigger emails can be high as
49 from what we've seen such as they buy
this you may send another email with the
upsell or a down sell that's a really
effective trigger-based email
now if you have any questions leave a
comment below if you enjoyed this video
like it share it tell the people about
it thank you for watching